README.md, before:

# Eric's Technical Minecraft Mods (1.20.1)

Hi! I'm Eric, a technical Minecraft player with over 1,900 days survived in a 1.20.1 technical singleplayer world. Here are all the mods I use! I created this modpack under the philosophy that "less is more"--mods that fix rare bugs or provide minimal performance improvements are left out.

Thanks to CommandLeo's mods gist (https://gist.github.com/CommandLeo/926dd2bd6ff9b9621b33076ff5f09c3b) for the table format and references!


|Icon|Mod|Mod Page|How it's used
|---|---|---|---
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/TQTTVgYE/3ad650635d067b6bfa09403cf5e70e0947a05c07_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Carpet|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet)|Tick-warp your farms to quickly test their performance over time, track farm output using hopper counters, track your world's mobcap, and more
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/9s6osm5g/ed8a2316cbb6f4fc5f510e8e13a59a85cbbbff4d_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Cloth Config API|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/1IjD5062/icon.png' height=32 width=32>|Continuity|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)|Makes glass appear connected
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/LQ3K71Q1/5056368d0d87c1a9f3efead0cb48ab39a4ea87bf_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|DynamicFPS|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps)|Reduces resource usage when you're not focused on the Minecraft window. Useful for AFKing farms while using your computer for other things
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/OVuFYfre/7313d540ef9514d8680acd5b3feb6a5a079f20fe_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Enhanced Block Entities|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe)|Reduces lag from chests and other block entities
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/P7dR8mSH/icon.png' height=32 width=32>|Fabric API|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/ncKjyGm3/77ee9d7d642cdc6cea00795c42e7b231d50716d9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Fadeless|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/fadeless)|Removes the fade-out animation in the Minecraft loading screen, allowing you to enter the game faster
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/wdLuzzEP/b6014c210bbedacf610f7d2dba55149dae9677c8.png' height=32 width=32>|Gamma Utils|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/gamma-utils)|Fullbright
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/bEpr0Arc/25b5529d7a3b030ac136a6ce879d8ed2a1aa4a8d.png' height=32 width=32>|Litematica|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/litematica)|A mod to create holographic "blueprints" in-game to assist in building
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/gvQqBUqZ/bcc8686c13af0143adf4285d741256af824f70b7_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Lithium|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium)|Performance optimizations
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/GcWjdA9I/a530ae55df5e0c405f5cf1b3e4fd6163a398bdc3.png' height=32 width=32>|MaLiLib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/malilib)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/mv1zH6ln/cbafb0fb9d0bc54c243151866eed9d28230f3152_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|MagicLib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/magiclib)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/SFO4Ca80/9db05c04dafa0b5553201231e18f73d476d194f6_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Masa Gadget|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/masa-gadget)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/UMxybHE8/4adf057a251f694983af139a06839e33bcd7a419.png' height=32 width=32>|MiniHUD|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/minihud)|Allows you to display a customizable mini-F3 screen showing coordinates, FPS, etc.
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/mOgUt4GM/1b6bcdef5a3d92572f517122650716be7ec6458b.webp' height=32 width=32>|Mod Menu|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu)|Adds a mod menu to view and configure your mods
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/AANobbMI/295862f4724dc3f78df3447ad6072b2dcd3ef0c9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Sodium|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium)|Performance optimizations
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/PtjYWJkn/0df4fb22a11e1dcb5e83cb0aadd275b571aca7a9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Sodium Extra|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)|Extra options for Sodium
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/hNoAJSm7/285fc69f9208b8fd73340730497bc3f92ae542bd_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Technical Utilities|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/techutils)|Adds inventory verification to Litematica, making it extremely useful for Storage Tech builds
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/t5wuYk45/35af76cfb1d3074c5e8575d5f7385bb6c083c9d6.png' height=32 width=32>|Tweakeroo|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/tweakeroo)|Adds many "tweaks" to the game, such as built-in autoclickers and freecam
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/1u6JkXh5/30698991048ced77e60c4e8284007d3782f2e6a3_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|WorldEdit|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/worldedit)|Adds many features for faster building in Creative Mode
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/NSLJJooQ/ed6eaf24fa5a8d1ed4431f57c27fe5cde9f348f2_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|WorldEdit CUI|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/worldedit-cui)|Visually shows WorldEdit area selections
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/wF189hn9/a790ea8edc940ba6fd6bb92f298a19e438904e4a.png' height=32 width=32>|uku's Armor HUD|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ukus-armor-hud)|Adds a widget to view your armor next to your hotbar, as well as its durability.
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/Y8uFrUil/3306adc6d3ba21b11bb14f06f00c21cd5f47e506.webp' height=32 width=32>|ukulib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ukulib)|Dependency

Commit message:

Added Indium and updated description for uku's Armor Hud

README.md, after:

# Eric's Technical Minecraft Mods (1.20.1)

Hi! I'm Eric, a technical Minecraft player with over 1,900 days survived in a 1.20.1 technical singleplayer world. Here are all the mods I use! I created this modpack under the philosophy that "less is more"--mods that fix rare bugs or provide minimal performance improvements are left out.

Thanks to CommandLeo's mods gist (https://gist.github.com/CommandLeo/926dd2bd6ff9b9621b33076ff5f09c3b) for the table format and references!


|Icon|Mod|Mod Page|How it's used
|---|---|---|---
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/TQTTVgYE/3ad650635d067b6bfa09403cf5e70e0947a05c07_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Carpet|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet)|Tick-warp your farms to quickly test their performance over time, track farm output using hopper counters, track your world's mobcap, and more
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/9s6osm5g/ed8a2316cbb6f4fc5f510e8e13a59a85cbbbff4d_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Cloth Config API|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/1IjD5062/icon.png' height=32 width=32>|Continuity|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)|Makes glass appear connected
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/LQ3K71Q1/5056368d0d87c1a9f3efead0cb48ab39a4ea87bf_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|DynamicFPS|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps)|Reduces resource usage when you're not focused on the Minecraft window. Useful for AFKing farms while using your computer for other things
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/OVuFYfre/7313d540ef9514d8680acd5b3feb6a5a079f20fe_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Enhanced Block Entities|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe)|Reduces lag from chests and other block entities
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/P7dR8mSH/icon.png' height=32 width=32>|Fabric API|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/ncKjyGm3/77ee9d7d642cdc6cea00795c42e7b231d50716d9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Fadeless|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/fadeless)|Removes the fade-out animation in the Minecraft loading screen, allowing you to enter the game faster
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/wdLuzzEP/b6014c210bbedacf610f7d2dba55149dae9677c8.png' height=32 width=32>|Gamma Utils|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/gamma-utils)|Fullbright
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/Orvt0mRa/13f4ab01fac350702ba20871c9f964064073a5e2_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Indium|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium)|Sodium addon that fixes a common crash
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/bEpr0Arc/25b5529d7a3b030ac136a6ce879d8ed2a1aa4a8d.png' height=32 width=32>|Litematica|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/litematica)|A mod to create holographic "blueprints" in-game to assist in building
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/gvQqBUqZ/bcc8686c13af0143adf4285d741256af824f70b7_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Lithium|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium)|Performance optimizations
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/GcWjdA9I/a530ae55df5e0c405f5cf1b3e4fd6163a398bdc3.png' height=32 width=32>|MaLiLib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/malilib)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/mv1zH6ln/cbafb0fb9d0bc54c243151866eed9d28230f3152_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|MagicLib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/magiclib)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/SFO4Ca80/9db05c04dafa0b5553201231e18f73d476d194f6_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Masa Gadget|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/masa-gadget)|Dependency
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/UMxybHE8/4adf057a251f694983af139a06839e33bcd7a419.png' height=32 width=32>|MiniHUD|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/minihud)|Allows you to display a customizable mini-F3 screen showing coordinates, FPS, etc.
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/mOgUt4GM/1b6bcdef5a3d92572f517122650716be7ec6458b.webp' height=32 width=32>|Mod Menu|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu)|Adds a mod menu to view and configure your mods
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/AANobbMI/295862f4724dc3f78df3447ad6072b2dcd3ef0c9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Sodium|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium)|Performance optimizations
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/PtjYWJkn/0df4fb22a11e1dcb5e83cb0aadd275b571aca7a9_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Sodium Extra|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)|Extra options for Sodium
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/hNoAJSm7/285fc69f9208b8fd73340730497bc3f92ae542bd_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|Technical Utilities|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/techutils)|Adds inventory verification to Litematica, making it extremely useful for Storage Tech builds
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/t5wuYk45/35af76cfb1d3074c5e8575d5f7385bb6c083c9d6.png' height=32 width=32>|Tweakeroo|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/tweakeroo)|Adds many "tweaks" to the game, such as built-in autoclickers and freecam
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/1u6JkXh5/30698991048ced77e60c4e8284007d3782f2e6a3_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|WorldEdit|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/worldedit)|Adds many features for faster building in Creative Mode
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/NSLJJooQ/ed6eaf24fa5a8d1ed4431f57c27fe5cde9f348f2_96.webp' height=32 width=32>|WorldEdit CUI|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/worldedit-cui)|Visually shows WorldEdit area selections
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/wF189hn9/a790ea8edc940ba6fd6bb92f298a19e438904e4a.png' height=32 width=32>|uku's Armor HUD|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ukus-armor-hud)|Adds a widget to view your armor and its durability next to your hotbar
|<img src='https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/Y8uFrUil/3306adc6d3ba21b11bb14f06f00c21cd5f47e506.webp' height=32 width=32>|ukulib|[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ukulib)|Dependency
